[Autogenerated] well you did it,
you finished all the demos and videos for this course and now it's time
to clean up the message you made here are almost all the resources we
created in the demo exercises from this course.
Anything not included here isn't going to cost you anything
things like I am rolls or policies in this video.
I'm gonna show you how to delete everything that's in this list now,
make sure you don't blink.
It's gonna go quick.
So let's get started.
We're gonna be removing everything with the AWS management console.
You can also remove resources with the AWS cli if you prefer.
But I won't be demoing that here.
Let's start with the last a cache.
Delete the reddest cluster.
This is gonna take some time so you can go delete any cluster backups if
they exist in the meantime and it's gonna take minutes so you're gonna have
to wait for the cluster deletion to complete.
But when it's done, go delete the sub net group as well.
Now we can go to elastic beanstalk by deleting the application.
It will also delete the environment and all the resources that were created.
This solution is also going to take awhile but there's really nothing else to
do an elastic beanstalk so you can go ahead and set it to delete and then
move on and dynamo db delete both of the tables that we created toppings and
users in rDS delete the postgres SQL, database instance,
make sure you choose the options to not take final
backups or to keep any backups.
Here's another one that will take a while but again,
there's nothing else to do an Rds so you can continue on and
as three you can delete the bucket but you'll need to actually
empty it of all objects first.
Otherwise it won't let you use the handy empty button to do this.
You can delete the bucket after but I'm actually going
to keep mine in case I need it later.
Although you do have a limit on the maximum number of buckets for your account,
buckets that are empty.
Don't actually cost anything Now we'll move into ec two,
there's a lot of stuff to do here.
First we're going to delete the load balancer.
Now there's actually a bug where you should probably delete the listener on the
load balancer first and then delete the whole load balancer.
The reason you'd want to do this is so that you can
also delete the target group.
I didn't do this when I was recording the this demo here.
So I actually got an error when trying to delete my target group.
Target groups don't cost anything.
So if it's left over, it's not a big deal.
Next delete the auto scaling group,
then the launch template and then terminate all the instances that were
created in the elastic IPs screen first disassociate the IP address and
then release it next go to AmI S and d.
Register both of the AMI is that we created and then now you
can delete the key pair that we created.
The aim is used snapshots for storing data.
So go to the ebs, snapshots screen and delete both of those.
Then go to the security group screen.
was doesn't let you delete a security group if it is being
referenced in another security groups rules,
we actually did this quite a few times so just go through and delete any
inbound rules that exist on the security groups that we created,
make sure to not mess with the default security groups.
Then you can delete all those security groups that we created.
Finally go to the VPc dashboard and delete the pizza VPC that we created.
This will actually delete all the resources contained
in that VPc as well and that's it.
Those are all the resources that we needed to delete,
make sure to keep that CloudWatch billing alarm we created in the beginning
it will let you know if we happen to miss something or you know you get any unexpected billing charges on your account